# osgearth_cdb
Common Database Drivers for osgEarth.
This repository contains source code for an open-source implementation of Common Database (CDB) drivers for osgEarth. The source code for the drivers resides under the src directory that accompanies this file. There are three drivers for incorporating CDB into osgEarth.  The driver in the src-27\cdb or src-28 directories handles imagery and elevation for osgEarth Versions 2.7 or 2.8 respectively. The driver in src-27\cdb_features and src-28\cdb_features handles both geospecific and geotypical features for the osgEarth Versions 2.7 or 2.8 respectively. The driver in src-27\cdbv_features and src-28\cdbv_features handles the VATC CDB extension layers for Vector base maps. The plan is for ths driver in the future to also support the standard CDB vector layers but this is still in development. All of these drivers rely on CDBTileLib which can be found in src\CDBTileLib.  To date development has been toward the CDB 3.0 specification with the exception that some support has been added to the features driver to support some 3.2 capabilities that Presagis has included in its Camp Pendleton example CDB dataset. (I.E. the utilization of geotypical textures on supposedly geospecific models.)  The terrain driver should function in osgEarth versions from 2.4 upward without modifications to the osgEarth libraries however the feature driver does require some modifications to the feature loading path of osgEarth to support the nature of CDB OpenFlight models. The files that need modification in osgEarth to support the feature driver are in the osgEarth-2.6, osgEarth-2.7, or osgEarth-2.8 directories.  The OpenSceneGraph directory contains an update to the OpenFlight plugin for osg that is needed to load textures for CDB geospecific models that use the CDB 3.0 specification. In this case the model textures are found in a .zip file and require re-pathing of the texture names from the highest LOD directory structure that a model may be represented in to the current LOD being loaded. (See the CDB 3.0 specification for details on this) The modified OpenFlight plugin supports this if the optional parameters are present.
 

The tests directory contains an example earthfile that exercises the CDB drivers.

Questions or comments to gjohnson@vatcinc.com
